**AVAILABLE COMMANDS**

**Main commands**

:busts_in_silhouette: Type `/pending` to get the count of the current & eligible Requests, that have not yet been handled.

:track_next: Type `/next` to get the next Request info: the general [Public Info] and the [Request ID].

:ballot_box_with_check: Type `/close` + [Request ID] to set a Request as closed. 

_
**Admin commands**

:arrows_counterclockwise: Type `/update` to update the list of Requests. 
Please note the list is already automatically updated each time it is required—which is quite often.

:cyclone: Type `/clear` to delete the last 100 messages in this channel.
Beware, there is NO way to retrieve deleted messages.

:up: Type `/level-up` + [user ID]* to give the user a *Collector* role. 
Please note this will NOT register them as verified in the database. But it can be useful if the bot failed to give a verified collector the proper role.

:gem: Type `/trust` + [user ID]* + [user Tezos wallet address] to register the user as a verified collector and give them a *Collector* role.
This WILL bypass the verification process. Please use with great caution!
Note that you need to have an admin role to be able to run this command.

(*) To retrieve a user ID: right-click on his name > Copy ID.
To activate the [Copy ID] prompt, go to your User Settings > Advanced > enable Developer Mode.

---

**REDEEMERS GUIDE**

**1.**
:track_next: In this channel, type `/next` to get the next Request info.
You will get 2 messages:
- one with the [Public Info] you'll need for step 2: Collector username, IPFS link, etc.;
- one with the [Request ID] you'll need for step 3.
*The Token ownership is automatically re-checked, so no worries there.*

**2.**
Go to the #collectors channel and post your answer to the Request.
Please remember to:
- Tag the collector: type @ followed by the Collector username.
- Include the IPFS link in your message.
→ **You can simply copy/paste the [Public Info] you got in step 1.**
An image is automatically generated by Discord as long as the IPFS link is present.
You do not need to copy the image.

**3.**
:ballot_box_with_check: To set the Request as handled:
→ in this channel, type `/close` followed by the [Request ID] from step 1.
This will remove the request from the pending list.